# indoor-activity-classification

Prediction of user movements from data aggregated via Radio Signal Strength(RSS) measurement system.

## Dataset Description
This dataset represents a real-life benchmark in the area of Ambient Assisted Living applications.The binary classification task consists in predicting  the pattern of user movements in real-world office environments from time-series generated by a Wireless Sensor Network (WSN). 

**Input:**&nbsp;
Input data contains temporal streams of radio signal strength (RSS) measured between the nodes of a WSN, comprising 5 sensors: 4 anchors deployed in the environment and 1 mote worn by the user. Data has been collected during user movements at the frequency of 8 Hz (8 samples per second). In the provided dataset, the RSS signals have been rescaled to the interval [-1,1], singly on the set of traces collected from each anchor.

**Target:**
Target data consists in a class label indicating whether the user's trajectory will lead to a change in the spatial context (i.e. a room change) or not. In particular, the target class +1 is associated to the location changing movements, while the target class -1 is associated to the location preserving movements.

**Groups:**
The measurement campaign involved a number of 3 different environmental settings, each of which comprises 2 rooms (containing typical office furniture) separated by a corridor. A sketch of the common setup considered is provided by the Figure in file "MovementAAL.jpg".

Each file in the provided dataset contains data pertaining to one temporal sequence of input RSS data (1 user trajectory for each file). The dataset contains 314 sequences, for a total number of 13197 steps.

http://wnlab.isti.cnr.it/paolo/index.php/dataset/6rooms.

### Attribute Information
Data is provided in comma separated value (csv) format. 

* Input data:
Input RSS streams are provided in files named MovementAAL_RSS_SEQID.csv, where IDSEQ is the progressive numeric sequence ID.
In each file, each row corresponds to a time step measurement (in temporal order) and contains the following information:
RSS_anchor1, RSS_anchor2, RSS_anchor3, RSS_anchor4 

* Target data:
Target data is provided in the file MovementAAL_target.csv
Each row in this file contains:
sequence_ID, class_label


* Dataset grouping:
Data is grouped in 3 sets, as described in [1].
File MovementAAL_DatasetGroup.csv, provides information about such data grouping.
Each row in this file contains:
sequence_ID, dataset_ID

* Path grouping:
Users' movements are divided in 6 prototypical paths.
File MovementAAL_Paths.csv provides information about data grouping based on path type.
Each row in this file contains:
sequence_ID, path_ID
